h2. About

YQL.el is a simple interface to "YQL (Yahoo! Query Language)":http://developer.yahoo.com/yql/,
a developer tool with a super-neat API which provides access to many Yahoo! web services
(such as flickr). The goal is to provide a simple, somewhat Lispy way to interact with YQL
without having to load up a browser (a lot of Emacs users live there -- trust us!).

This project was implemented as part of "Yahoo! University Hack Day":http://developer.yahoo.com/hacku/gt.html
at Georgia Tech, March 2009 and won the award for "Hack for Good".
We were reimbursed with lots of free caffeine and sugar.
We would like to thank the Yahoo! guys for rocking (and for the drinks and food).
Our dentists are probably very upset with them though.

h2. Usage

YQL supports three main statements: show, desc, and select (kind of like other *QLs).
So too does YQL.el.

Select:

    (yql 'select "item.condition.temp" "weather.forecast" "location=30313")

Desc:

    (yql 'desc "flickr.places")

Show:

    (yql 'show)

Note that @yql@ is just a macro that expands to one of @yql-select@, @yql-filter@, @yql-desc@, or @yql-show@.
So, feel free to just use those like you'd expect.

As you can see, it's pretty useful. For some examples of how to use these, check out
@yql-twitter-stream@ or @yql-yahoo-stocks@.

h2. Other Examples

Finds all the places in flickr.places with city name 'Atlanta':

    (yql 'filter 'place
         (yql 'select
              "content" "flickr.places" "query=\"Atlanta\""))
    ;; ("Atlanta, Georgia, United States" "Atlanta, Texas, United States" "Atlanta, Ohio, United States" "Atlanta, Missouri, United States" "Washington, United States" "Atlanta, Idaho, United States" "Atlanta, New York, United States" "Atlanta, Michigan, United States" "Atlanta, Kansas, United States" "Atlanta, Indiana, United States" "Atlanta, Nebraska, United States" "Atlanta, Louisiana, United States" ...)

Fetching the most recent tweet for a given user (with a public profile):

    (yql 'filter 'title
         (yql 'filter
              'item
              (yql 'select
                   "title,pubDate" "rss"
                   "url='http://twitter.com/statuses/user_timeline/wfarr.rss' LIMIT 1")))
    ;; "wfarr: @20seven @joshjgt and I are working on our Yahoo Hack Week project, by creating an elisp library for it! http://tinyurl.com/c2eddc"

Some other examples will be here. If not, pretend.
